Audrey-Willis.txt

https://codepen.io/Nnikky15/full/vYOLweg 


1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    2. What is HTML used for? 

       Html is the origional programming language, It's what was used to make the first web pages,
       and now it's still used to build the foundations of our modern day pages. Html is the bones of web dev.


    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 

    An attribute is extra data added to a tag. For instance in an image the attribute describes the image so it 
    can be translated by page readers


    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

    H1 is used to convery the most important headline in the page and although there are no "rules" for how many
    times one can use it, it's considered common practice to just have one.


    5. Name two tags that have required attributes

    Img and a


    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 

    Metadata that no one can physically see on the page.


    7. What is an id? 

    A tag used to select one element and one element only. An id can only be used once per project and is called
    using the # symbol


    8. What elements can I add an id to? 

    Any.


    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 

    One.


    10. What is a class? 
    
    A class is a way to catagorize elements that will share code. 


    11. What elements can I add a class to? 

    Any.


    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 

    As many as you need.
    

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

    Add a target="_blank" attribute


    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 

    Giving a description of an image for page readers


    15. How do I reference an id?

    #


    16. What is the difference between a section and a div

    A section is used to group things as they appear on the screen. they're natural grouping points. Divs are just 
    multipurpose containers and can be used to group needed elements together for the sake of organization or styling


    17. What is CSS used for? 

    CSS is used to decorate the part of the programs that customers see, its the editing of the look of a page.


    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

    h2{

    }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

    An ID can only be used once, I can't think of when it would be needed more than a class..but classes 
    can be used multiple times and you can make classes for anything from .header-images to .red-paragraphs. 
    if youre going to be working on something that needs very consistant designing, classes can help get everything 
    organized.


    20. How do we select classes in CSS?

    With a period followed by the class Name


    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

    .human p{

    }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

    
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?


.sidebar a{

}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?

    something like :hover that can be addded to the end of a element to change the way it reacts in
    certain situatuon, such as when the mouse hovers over it.


    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

    line-height


    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

    letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

    text-transform:

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

    div{
        border:1px black dashed;
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 

    *


    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

    /*  */


    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

         pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

    ls


    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

    rm...it shouldnt be used because theres no going back. it will be permantly deleted and could potentially destroy something 
    you need. 


    34. Why should I use version control? 

    It gives a good backup, and makes it possible to choose the best possible bits of code for your project
    when youre working with multiple people occasionaly overlapping code.

    35. How often should I commit to github?

    as often as you need to.


    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 

    git push origin Audrey-Willis

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

    first you fork the project, add you tl as a collaborator, clone onto your system, add your name branch, 
    work on project commiting as needed, push back to the github site, open a pull request. 



